docs(feat): Quickspin draft WIP (#1590)
armory/docs: content/en/armory-enterprise/quickspin/install-quick-spin.md

---
title: Install Quick Spin 

> linkTitle: "Install Quick Spin"

Reviewer: You don't need to include `linkTitle` if it's the same as `title`

no_list: true
weight: 4
description: >

>   Use the Armory Quick Spin container to quickly get an evaluation or testing instance of Spinnaker up and running.

Reviewer: For SEO, this page can't have the same description as what's in the _index.md file.

exclude_search: true
---

## {{% heading "prereq" %}}

> To run the Quick `quick-spin` container you need a hosting machine that can support a running instance with 

Reviewer: host machine instead of hosting machine

  - 4 vCPU
  - 8GB Memory
  - 2GB Disk space

The hosting machine must have [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installed. Docker Compose is installed with Docker Desktop.

## Usage

> To run a local instance of `quick-spin` using [docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a local instance of `quick-spin` using [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/):
```

> 1. Clone the [Quick Spin repository](https://github.com/armory-io/quick-spin).

Reviewer: https://github.com/armory-io/quick-spin is not a public repo

Author: I will work this out with the team tomorrow and update accordingly.

   
```shell
git clone https://github.com/armory-io/quick-spin.git

> ```

Reviewer: reminder to indent the content underneath a bullet point (all need to be indented in this list)

> 2. From the terminal navigate to the root of the cloned repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the root of the cloned repository.
```
Assumption is that user is already in the terminal since she already cloned the repo.

Reviewer: Also, if you use `1.` to start each point, Hugo compiles into the correct number so you don't have to renumber if you expand or contract the list items.

   
```shell
cd quick-spin
```

> 3. Run the following command:

Reviewer: Some of your bullet points end in '.' while others end in ':' - suggest choosing one or the other.

   
```shell
docker compose up
```

4. Open the Spinnaker UI in your web browser: [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000).

### Stop quick-spin

> To stope the running Quick Spin instance navigate to the terminal instance running the container and:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop the running Quick Spin instance, navigate to the terminal instance running the container and execute one of the following:
```

1. Use the `Ctrl + c` keyboard shortcut.
2. Enter the  `docker compose stop` command.

> Result: The Quick Spin container stops running.  
> The containers are not removed.

To restart the container navigate to the root of the quick-spin repository and  run `docker compose start`.

### Remove quick-spin

To completely the `quick-spin` containers, networks, volumes, and images use:

```shell
docker compose down -v --rmi all

> ```

Reviewer: Add a `## < {{%  heading "nextSteps" %}} >` section that links to the Quick Spin Quick Start. This is both for SEO as well as user flow.
